hello YouTube I'm mission 98 today we're
going to be looking at the orange dark
terror with the Jim root cab I haven't
been uploading any videos lately because
I've been quite busy with my band silent
spirals I'll link our Facebook and
Twitter and description down there
somewhere probably and they yeah today
we're gonna be changing what's around
get some clean distorted effects so we
get a bit so yeah I'll be playing this
one through my sister gates custom
guitar so this isn't exactly made for
the clean effect but okay we've got the
volume
you know we try to distort effects
at
okay I'm gonna try it the 50 watts but
I'm just gonna change to dropsy guitar
the dropsy really makes it work as well
so they're both really got the crunch
and the game together work
yeah that was a quick look into the eye
can you guys message me with suggestions
for covers cuz we don't know it's a line
or well just recording you guys see ya
like the video like buns over there or
they're not really too sure
tele friends it's okay yeah oh I like my
band as well so description is just
there again all down okay sure
see however I do that and